Documentation for expanded consensus trial algorithm (#198)
twitter/communitynotes: documentation/under-the-hood/ranking-notes.md

The refined approach uses two rounds of optimization.
The first round modifies the loss term described above to reduce regularization on factors, increase regularization on intercepts and introduce regularization on the product of a note's intercept and factor magnitude.
The second round uses the user factors learned during the first round to weight ratings and introduces normalization across raters.

As with the baseline matrix factorization approach, we predict each rating as

$$ \hat{r}_{un} = \mu + i_u + i_n + f_u \cdot f_n $$

During the first round, we minimize the loss shown below over the set of all observed ratings $r_{un}$.
Note that this model uses a single-dimensional factor representation. 

```math
\sum_{r_{un}} (r_{un} - \hat{r}_{un})^2 + \lambda_{iu} i_u^2 + \lambda_{in} i_n^2 + \lambda_{\mu} \mu^2 + \lambda_{fu} f_u^2 + \lambda_{fn} f_n^2 + \lambda_{if} i_n |f_n|
```

Where $\lambda_{iu}=30\lambda$, $\lambda_{in}=5\lambda$, $\lambda_{\mu}=5\lambda$, $\lambda_{fu}=\dfrac{\lambda}{4}$, $\lambda_{fn}=\dfrac{\lambda}{3}$, $\lambda_{if}=25\lambda$ and $\lambda=0.03$.
This modification appears to have several advantages:

> - Decreased regularization on user factors ($\lambda_{fu}$) and note factors ($\lambda_{fn}$) allows the model to learn more accurate representations for users and notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decreased regularization on user factors ($\lambda_{fu}$) and note factors ($\lambda_{fn}$) allows the model to learn potentially more accurate representations for users and notes.
```

> - Introduction of regularization on the product of note intercept and factor magnitudes ($\lambda_{if}$) pressures the model to decide whether the ratings on a note are most explained by universal appeal or partisan perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduction of regularization on the product of note intercept and factor magnitudes ($\lambda_{if}$) pressures the model to decide whether the ratings on a note are most explained by universal appeal or appeal to raters of a particular factor.
```
